issue number #68 additional enhancements (#71)
solidjs/solid-docs-next: src/routes/guides/getting-started-with-solid/building-ui-with-components.mdx

### Passing props between components

> Components can communicate with their child components by passing properties called `props`. To demonstrate the power of `props`, let's customize the bookshelf by adding your name! In the example below, we update the app to display "Solid's Bookshelf," but you should use your name.

Reviewer: @Jutanium Do we have a standardized language we are using? 

Customize (American) vs Customise (British)

Reviewer 2: > passing properties called `props`

Makes it feel like mentioning `props` is redundant. In reality, highlighting that they're also called `props` is a helpful distinction to newcomers.

Could we maybe try:

```suggestion
Components can communicate with their child components by passing properties, often shortened to `props`. To demonstrate the power of `props`, let's customize the bookshelf by adding your name! In the example below, we update the app to display "Solid's Bookshelf," but you should use your name.
```

Or some variation of such?

Reviewer: Ohhh, this sounds better! I like it.

Reviewer 3: @Hopelezz we're using American English - just added to the writing guide!
@kaleem68 if you could review @crutchcorn's suggestion and hit "Commit suggestion," that would be awesome!
